# CereBrawl - The Battle Study Guide
## What is Cerebrawl?
CereBrawl is your brand-new fun and interactive study tool! Based on the popular turn-based battle video-games you're used to, this tool is meant to elevate your learning experience by combining a specific amount of learning, challenge, and (most importantly) fun into a game that YOU can curate almost entirely yourself using just some of our guidelines!
## What to do on Cerebrawl
Home - Learn a quick introduction to our site and its features and get a rundown of how to use it.
Play! - Put your Cerebral Cortex to the test and start battling! Either generate your own quiz using Google Gemini's API or pick from our pre-made quizzes in the Catalog!
Catalogue - Browse through user's premade quizzes and choose one to battle with!
Tutorial - Learn the basics of the battle system in this interactive tutorial!
Account - Sign up or log into your account, so you can save your quizzes to the catalogue!
## A Quick Note on Generative AI...
CereBrawl's battle system is powered by Google Gemini's API. This means that the questions are completely generated by the LLM, and have no check for accuracy. We STRONGLY reccomend that you check your generated questions for accuracy, if you are using this as a study tool.
## Why Cerebrawl?
CereBrawl created by Jackson McElhaugh, Logan Small, Kaiden Fees, and Liam Anderson as a part of the Projects in Computer Science Capstone Course at Temple University.
## How to Access
Go to https://cerebrawl.me to begin
## Docs
https://api.cerebrawl.me/docs#/


